Help on module genericpath:

NAME
    genericpath

MODULE REFERENCE
    https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/genericpath
    
    The following documentation is automatically generated from the Python
    source files.  It may be incomplete, incorrect or include features that
    are considered implementation detail and may vary between Python
    implementations.  When in doubt, consult the module reference at the
    location listed above.

DESCRIPTION
    Path operations common to more than one OS
    Do not use directly.  The OS specific modules import the appropriate
    functions from this module themselves.

FUNCTIONS
    commonprefix(m)
        Given a list of pathnames, returns the longest common leading component
    
    exists(path)
        Test whether a path exists.  Returns False for broken symbolic links
    
    getatime(filename)
        Return the last access time of a file, reported by os.stat().
    
    getctime(filename)
        Return the metadata change time of a file, reported by os.stat().
    
    getmtime(filename)
        Return the last modification time of a file, reported by os.stat().
    
    getsize(filename)
        Return the size of a file, reported by os.stat().
    
    isdir(s)
        Return true if the pathname refers to an existing directory.
    
    isfile(path)
        Test whether a path is a regular file
    
    samefile(f1, f2)
        Test whether two pathnames reference the same actual file or directory
        
        This is determined by the device number and i-node number and
        raises an exception if an os.stat() call on either pathname fails.
    
    sameopenfile(fp1, fp2)
        Test whether two open file objects reference the same file
    
    samestat(s1, s2)
        Test whether two stat buffers reference the same file

DATA
    __all__ = ['commonprefix', 'exists', 'getatime', 'getctime', 'getmtime...

FILE
    c:\program files\python39\lib\genericpath.py


